### v0.1.2 Change Log

**BUGS:**
- FIXED: `Flag Loader` didn't work as intended. Previously the only the default flags (`--version`, `--help`) worked. Now the custom ones work too.
- FIXED: Wikipedia Widget threw error due to typo in `bulk_text_tile.ui` file
- FOUND ERROR: Lonely `error_tile` wouldn't display a single-line traceback correctly <- FIXED: `error_tile` now using `GTKLabel` instad of `GTKTextView` for traceback
- FIXED: Bug that prevented proper config loading for terminal. Which resulted in improper execution of termial dependent apps.

**FEATURES:**
- FEATURE: Implemented error handling for `Config Loader` and `CSS Loader`
- FEATURE: Implemented tags that can appear in a tile name.
- FEATURE: Implemented another `tile` that checks the system-clipboard for a url and displays a shortcut to launch it in the webbrowser.
- FEATURE: Added `display_name` parameter to the `fallback.json` possible fields. Is used to define custom display names for `webtile`.
- FEATURE: Implemented `exec` alias field. This field switches the execution command for the desired application. Useful to add flags for the programs.
- FEATURE: Added `width` and `height` field to the `config.toml` file under the `appearance` category

**CHORES:**
- REFACTORING: Minor code refactoring
-- REFACTORING: Refactored the code for the launcher logic to make it more compact.
- CHORE: Improved the comments in the code
- CHORE: Added helper function to simplify and generalize the widget creation and readability.

**Minor Changes:**
- IMPROVEMENT: Changed the async widget body to be a `GTKLabel` instead of `GTKTextView`. Also added default text "Loading..." for the corresponding `Loader Widget`.

